README.md, before:

# Peperuka

## Project Description 
The website allows a user to find items sold by vendors near them and add them to their cart.
There is an admin page for them to handle categories and items involvedin the website.

## Accessing the Website
https://phase-4-peperuka-project-client.vercel.app/

## Technologies
![Ruby](https://img.shields.io/badge/Ruby-CC342D?style=for-the-badge&logo=ruby&logoColor=white)
![Rails](https://img.shields.io/badge/rails-%23CC0000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=ruby-on-rails&logoColor=white)
![SQLite](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQLite-07405E?style=for-the-badge&logo=sqlite&logoColor=white)
![NODE.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-43853D?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
![Semantic UI React](https://img.shields.io/badge/Semantic%20UI%20React-%2335BDB2.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=SemanticUIReact&logoColor=white)
![React Router](https://img.shields.io/badge/React_Router-CA4245?style=for-the-badge&logo=react-router&logoColor=white)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/bootstrap-%23563D7C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white)
![Styled-Components](https://img.shields.io/badge/styled--components-DB7093?style=for-the-badge&logo=styled-components&logoColor=white)

## Author

- [@Randy Kipkurui](https://github.com/randy-04)


## License
[MIT](https://github.com/randy-development-work/phase-4-peperuka-project-client/blob/main/LICENSE.md)

Commit message:

1. Add information about the project in the README. 2. Change from using locaStorage to sessionStorage for storing sesssions.

README.md, after:

# Peperuka App

## Project Description 
The website allows a user to find items sold by vendors near them and add them to their cart.
There is an admin page for them to handle categories and items involvedin the website.

## Accessing the Website
https://phase-4-peperuka-project-client.vercel.app/

## Technologies
![Ruby](https://img.shields.io/badge/Ruby-CC342D?style=for-the-badge&logo=ruby&logoColor=white)
![Rails](https://img.shields.io/badge/rails-%23CC0000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=ruby-on-rails&logoColor=white)
![SQLite](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQLite-07405E?style=for-the-badge&logo=sqlite&logoColor=white)
![NODE.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-43853D?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
![Semantic UI React](https://img.shields.io/badge/Semantic%20UI%20React-%2335BDB2.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=SemanticUIReact&logoColor=white)
![React Router](https://img.shields.io/badge/React_Router-CA4245?style=for-the-badge&logo=react-router&logoColor=white)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/bootstrap-%23563D7C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white)
![Styled-Components](https://img.shields.io/badge/styled--components-DB7093?style=for-the-badge&logo=styled-components&logoColor=white)

## User Journey
- The user views various categories to choose from, for example, gas, food, or groceries.
- Once a category is chosen, the user sees the items under that category. They can add the item to their cart.
- Once done with the items page, the user can checkout from the cart.

## Application Purpose
- This app acts as a one-stop shop for all day-to-day requirements. The products are from vendors close to the user.
- Peperuka appreciates the local vendors as they've been overlooked by mainstream food delivery apps in Kenya. It will bring more demand to their services.
- The app also considers the user as the delivery cost is significantly slashed. The vendors are close to the user so delivery times are faster and the cost is cheaper than ordering from a mainstream app. 

## Author

- [@Randy Kipkurui](https://github.com/randy-04)


## License
[MIT](https://github.com/randy-development-work/phase-4-peperuka-project-client/blob/main/LICENSE.md)
